URL to forked completed Codepen: https://codepen.io/Zavierdots/pen/JjGjoQX?editors=1100
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the use of HTML tags that provide meaning to sections of code in HTML.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is the structure of a website aka the bones.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is bit of code that is used to add in characteristics to code. It is placed in the opening tag, inbetween the angle brackets. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is use for the title of the page and shouldn't be used more than once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and link.
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    We put metadata like linksa and the title of the webpage.
    
    7. What is an id? 
    An id is used to identify an element. 
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    All elements.
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    As many times as one would like.
    
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is commonly used to indetify a group of elements.
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    All elements.
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as one would like.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add the attibute <... target="_blank">
    
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It is use to describe what this image is to the visually impared.
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    A "#" and the name of the id is use to reference the id. (ex: #about)
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section clearly defines a section of content on a page while a div is a generic container.
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style a page.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    In CSS simply type the selected element and begin adding CSS. 
    ex: 
        h2 {
            color:blue;
        }
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used for multiple elements while an id is used for only one element. 
    class: To style the buttons on the navigation bar.
    id: Adding functionality specifically to the "About" button on the navigation bar.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    we use a "." and the name of the class. (ex: .Class)
     
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    ex:
        .human {

        }
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Its a selector that gains access to elements that are within other elements. It would be useful when changing the style of spcific elements within divs or sections.
    
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {

    }
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    These are used for applying CSS when the user is interacting with that element. 
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    You use a "*".
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /**/ 
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename.txt , there is no undoing removals aka deletions. 
    
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control is used to keep the working version in place while an individual or team works on experimental versions. 
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Often, after completing a task while coding or after finishing a section of code. 
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1) Fork the repo
        2) Add TL as a collaborator
        3) Clone the repo
        4) Create a branch
        5) Push any updates to the branch
        6) Create a pull request 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements take up the whole width to display content while inline only takes required width.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    It places that element exactly where it is told to be rather than flow with the rest of the page.
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    display: inline; will allow the element to behave like this. 
    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Block: div, section, footer
    Inline: span, a(anchor)
    Inline-block: img
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    